add contributing md (#731)
jhudsl/DaSL_Course_Template_Bookdown: CONTRIBUTING.md

#### ottr-reports

The [ottr-reports repository](https://github.com/jhudsl/ottr-reports) houses the functionality for reporting the results of the GitHub Action checks on spelling, URLs, and quiz formatting.

#### ottrpal

The [ottrpal repository](https://github.com/jhudsl/ottrpal) provides the functionality to convert an OTTR course to files ready for use in Leanpub and Coursera

#### cow

The [cow repository](https://github.com/jhudsl/cow) isn't officially an OTTR repository, but is a GitHub API wrapper in R which has additional functions to help wrangle GitHub published courses like OTTR courses.

### Documentation

#### ottrproject.org

The [ottrproject.org repository](https://github.com/jhudsl/ottrproject.org) renders the [OTTR documentation website](https://www.ottrproject.org/). The repository is generated from the [OTTR_Template_Website template](https://github.com/jhudsl/OTTR_Template_Website).

#### Wiki

> Listed as the "main OTTR guide" on some READMEs, there's an [OTTR wiki](https://github.com/jhudsl/OTTR_Template/wiki).

Reviewer: Ah yes. We've been working on slowly deprecating this and will archive it eventually. Is there anywhere you found that is still pointing to this wiki? If so we should get rid of those and also not mention it in this CONTRIBUTING.md guide. Thanks.

Author: Removed in [commit 5208345](https://github.com/jhudsl/OTTR_Template/pull/731/commits/520834517635eb81cb6af79c926d946f84355712). Will remove from ottrpal README.

Author: Removed from ottrpal README in [commit bb3bb6c](https://github.com/jhudsl/ottrpal/pull/125/commits/bb3bb6c7799e17e0a251a7dc5dbe837ea48107ec)

#### OTTR paper

There's an [OTTR paper](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/37207236/) published in the Journal of Statistics and Data Science Education by C. Savonen, C. Wright, A. Hoffman, et al. in 2023. [For information on citing the manuscript, see here](https://www.ottrproject.org/index.html#how-to-cite-ottr)

#### Cheatsheets

TBA

#### Videos

TBA

## How should you suggest changes or alert us about problems?

There are various ways in which you can request or suggest changes to OTTR. Below we discuss ways in which you can make suggestions or requests, but leave the implementation to others or implement the suggestions yourselves.

### You want to make suggestions, but leave the implementation to someone else

> If you want to alert us about an issue or make suggestions, you can open a GitHub Issue or submit a response in our OTTR Feedback Google Form.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to alert us about an issue or make suggestions, you can open a GitHub Issue or submit a response in our [OTTR Feedback Google Form](https://forms.gle/jGQnd5oemHWyuUq28).

If you aren't sure what repository the suggestion pertains to -- or if the suggestion pertains to multiple repositories file it to the [`OTTR_Template` repo](https://github.com/jhudsl/OTTR_Template/issues/new/choose). 
```
Great! Just adding links as well as instructions on OTTR_template being the default for issues.

#### GitHub Issues

Open an issue describing the bug or feature request for the relevant repository using the following links.

| Repository            | Issues Link                                                                 |
|:---------------------:|:---------------------------------------------------------------------------:|
| OTTR_Template         | [Open an issue here](https://github.com/jhudsl/OTTR_Template/issues/new/choose)        |
| OTTR_Quizzes          | [Open an issue here](https://github.com/jhudsl/OTTR_Quizzes/issues/new/choose)         |
| OTTR_Template_Website | [Open an issue here](https://github.com/jhudsl/OTTR_Template_Website/issues/new/choose)|
| ottr-reports          | [Open an issue here](https://github.com/jhudsl/ottr-reports/issues/new/choose)         |
| ottrpal               | [Open an issue here](https://github.com/jhudsl/ottrpal/issues/new/choose)              |

> | cow                   | [Open an issue here](https://github.com/jhudsl/cow/issues/new/choose)                  |

Reviewer: My goal is that we eventually deprecate `cow` and have its useful functions absorbed by ottrpal, but I haven't had time to do this. If this is something you'd be interested in doing, happy to have you take this one. Up to you.

| ottrproject.org       | [Open an issue here](https://github.com/jhudsl/ottrpal/issues/new/choose)              |

##### Description of choices for issue type (if given)

Most of the links above will directly open an issue for you to fill out a description of the problem or request, but several of the repositories provide choices (and related description templates) for the type of issue you want to open. Those choices could include the following:  

* **Feature Request** or **Course Template Feature Request**: Use this issue if you want to make a suggestion for an addition.
* **Problem Report** or **Course Template Problem Report**: Use this issue if you want to report a problem or possible improvement.

> * **New Content Idea**: This is a template meant for opening an issue in an OTTR course, so that someone can suggest an additional topic or idea for that specific course. It shouldn't be used for opening an issue in one of these repos.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **New Content Idea**: This is a template meant for opening an issue in an OTTR course, so that someone can suggest an additional topic or idea for that specific course. It can be used for general suggestions for content. 
```

* **Course Problem Report**: This is a template meant for opening an issue in an OTTR course, so that someone can point out a problem or suggest an improvement for that specific course. It shouldn't be used for opening an issue in one of these repos.

##### Assign an OTTR maintainer

> Assign an OTTR maintainer (`@cansavvy` or `@carriewright11`) to the issue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Assign an OTTR maintainer (`@cansavvy` or `@carriewright11` or `@avahoffman`) to the issue. If you aren't sure who the issue pertains to, assign `@cansavvy` and she'll make sure it gets to the right person. 
```

### You want to make suggestions, and implement them yourself!

If you want to implement an improvement or fix a problem, open a branch, make the changes to the code there, and then open a pull request. [See this chapter "Using Version Control with GitHub"](https://jhudatascience.org/Adv_Reproducibility_in_Cancer_Informatics/using-version-control-with-github.html) from our Advanced Reproducibility course for more information on this pull request model if needed.  

#### Request Review

Make sure to request review of your pull request from an OTTR maintainer (`@cansavvy` or `@carriewright11`).

## What if you want to make several courses with similar branding using OTTR?

If you plan to use the OTTR template several times for related courses within an organization and want each to have a shared branding or functionality variation, you may want to make your own template from the OTTR_Template, incorporating the stylistic changes in your spinoff template before making specific courses from the spinoff template.

> OTTR_Template --> Spinoff_Template (Make stylistic changes, mark as a template repository) --> Course Repository

Reviewer: I like this!

Examples that have done this include:

| Spinoff template   | Link |
|:------------------:|:-------------------------------------------------------------------------:|
| AnVIL Template     | [GitHub Source Code](https://github.com/jhudsl/AnVIL_Template)            |

> | DataTrail Template | [GitHub Source Code](https://github.com/datatrail-jhu/DataTrail_Template) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| DataTrail Template | [GitHub Source Code](https://github.com/datatrail-jhu/DataTrail_Template) |
|Quarto website| [GitHub Source Code](https://github.com/fhdsl/OTTR_Quarto)| 
|Metric collection dashboard template| [GitHub Source Code](https://github.com/fhdsl/metricminer-dashboard)|
```

These other templates are literally brand new so probably didn't exist when you started writing this. No worries. Adding them now!

Reviewer: I only just added them to ottrproject.org yesterday! lol

If you are interested in this and have questions, reach out to the OTTR maintainers by filing a GitHub issue and assigning `@cansavvy` and `@carriewright11`.

## Code of Conduct

> The [Contributor Covenant Code of Conduct can be found here](https://github.com/jhudsl/OTTR_Template/blob/main/code_of_conduct.md)

Reviewer: This should probably be brought to the top so people are aware of it sooner.

Author: Moved in [commit 5208345](https://github.com/jhudsl/OTTR_Template/pull/731/commits/520834517635eb81cb6af79c926d946f84355712)
